This paper contributes to designing algorithms for a global input that
controls the shape of swarming robots in a closed area. The global
input, which means that all the robots have the same input force
command u, may be helpful to controlling micro- and nano-robots lack of
on-board computation.

First of all, any algorithm proposed in the paper do not use some
results in section III, explicitly. Section III-A includes mean and
variance positions when robots form a certain shape, but Algorithm 1
and Algorithm 2 in section IV never use mean and variance positions.
Section IV-C only describes one sentence about a variance controller
developed by previous work [1]. However, it is not clear that the
variance controller use such mean and variance positions in Section
III-A.
 
The previous review of this paper clearly indicates that Algorithm 1
has critical error. Although authors revise Algorithm 1 to correct
error, it still presents error. Let s_1, s_2, e_1, and e_2 be the first
starting point, the second starting point, the first goal point, and
the second goal point. Because those points are arbitrary points in
this paper, let s_1, s_2, e_1, and e_2 be (0,0), (2,2), (2,2), and
(0,0). Let wall length L be 3. The goal of Algorithm 1 is to make the
first starting point move the first goal point, and the second starting
point move the second goal point. However, Algorithm 1 generates that
both final positions are (0,0), and hence, this revised algorithm is
wrong. 

This paper describes a triangular movement as a drift movement, but
Fig. 6 shows square-like drift movement that cannot be defined by a
triangular movement. At the seventh sequence in k = 7 in Fig. 6, a
drift movement is shown but it is not triangular movement.

Ambiguous and error expressions in the paper are as follows.
1.	Equation (9) is not position-dependent friction model, but this
paper says “this algorithm exploits the position-dependent friction
model (9).” 
2.	This paper does not describe the robustness of algorithms, but
this paper says “robust and efficient covariance control.”
3.	This paper does not define positive direction, but this paper
says “we rotate the coordinate frame by 90 degrees.” 
4.	This paper does not define what is correctly positioned, but
this paper says “if the robots were not correctly positioned relative
each other.”
5.	This paper does not show relationships between algorithms and
number of walls including frictions, but this paper says “the algorithm
only requires friction along the bottom and right walls.”    
6.	This paper says “sin(theta)<0,” but sin(theta)>0 in Fig. 4. 
7.	This paper says “the covariance of a triangle is always
+-(A/18),” but there is no evidence. 
8.	This paper says “the robots are small in comparison, and
together occupy a constant area A,” but this paper does not show how to
compute A. If A is the summation of the area of individual robot,
sometimes, computing A is meaningless if robots are distributed
sparsely. 
9.	This paper says “R is the region containing swarm,” but this
paper does not show how to rigorously define R and how to compute R. 
10.	Equation (10) has a parenthesis, but it is unclear whether
terms inside the parenthesis represent F_f or not.  
11.	This paper says “designing controllers efficiently regulate
sigma_{xy},” but this paper does not show the regulation of sigma_{xy}.
  
Abused notations are as follows.
1.	Equation (1) is wrong: the left side of equation (1) is
velocity, and the right side of equation (1) is force. Both are not
equal. 
2.	In the second page, beta is direction of the global input
force, but beta is an incremental movement of the robot in the fifth
page.
3.	In the forth page, epsilon is spacing between the wall and a
zone, but epsilon is an incremental movement of drift move function in
the fifth page. Also varepsilon is used for the same incremental
movement.
4.	In the forth page, h is height for a boundary layer, but h_b,
and h_s are used for the dimension of a zone. 
5.	In the forth page, r is the position of the robot, but r is the
radius of robot in the fifth page. In the sixth page, r represents
sub-regions of R.
6.	In the third page, sigma_{xy} is correlation, but sigma_{xy} is
maximum correlation in the fifth page.
7.	In the first page, u is the global input force command, but F
is control input force vector in the second page. 

[1] S. Shahrokhi and A. T. Becker, “Stochastic swarm control with
global inputs,” in Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS), 2015 IEEE/RSJ
International Conference on, Sep. 2015, pp. 421–427.
