This is a very well written paper, not even a single typo did not
caught my eye. The paper proposes a novel way to move an object
utilizing a swarm of robots (particles) by taking into account the mean
and variance of swarm. First of all, an impressive number of Human
Swarm Interaction (HSI) experiments are summarized strongly indicating
that human operators are performing much better when controlling only
the mean of the robot team instead of taking into account all the
robots.

In the paper the terms: micro, nano robots, and particles are used
interchangeably, that is perfectly fine, however, it would be better in
the very beginning to make that clear possible with a footnote,
especially the use of the term particles. 

In page two, column 1 , the authors state that "process noise cancels
the differentiating effects... tens of robots." The term tens of robots
is not clear. It would also help a citation if it exists.

Throughout the paper citations [?] are used as nouns, while that is
quite common practice the paper reads better when the authors are used.
e.g. "[123] shows that..." instead use: "Joe and Bob [123] show
that..."  

Some observations/ideas that came through reading the paper:
When the walls are immovable then the proposed technique to push the
swarm against a corner works as is demonstrated. In the case of the
human body where the walls could be more elastic, or even permeable,
how that  would affect the proposed strategy.

In the same line, if pushing against a "wall" could increase friction
or even absorption of the transported medicine, have you consider a
strategy that envelops the object with a small group of particles
shielding the object from the walls?

The experimental results are quite good. The reviewer will recommend in
simulation to create bigger more complex environments emulating the
major veins or the digestive tract of the human body. Definitely
something with curvy walls. 

For the real experiments, and in simulations, the  presented
environments consist of a "corridor" that leads from the start to goal.
The paper, and in general the proposed approach, will gain by
demonstrating the proposed approach in environments where there are
junctions where the object has to be pushed in one of two, or more,
options. Furthermore, it would be interesting to see if the proposed
method will work in an open environment with multiple obstacles. 
