The contribution of this work can be summarized as introducing a
general viable method for compliant nonprehensile manipulation
applicable to small scales where agents all have to share universal
control signal and are inherently underactuated. To do this, the
authors present a hybrid mean and variance, hysteresis-based controller
for particle swarm object manipulation. They are able to steer a swarm
of particles for object manipulation while avoiding obstacles under
automated control. The paper flow is excellent and the authors very
nicely guide the reader though the various steps from theoretical
formulations to experimental setup and data. The latter adds
credibility to the study which is important for this type of study. In
summary, this is a high-quality paper that pays attention to details
and offers a new approach and technique that contribute to the
advancement of the field. 

Methodology: The authors systematically instruct the robots by
regrouping them via mean and variance control primitives. They proved
that the mean position and mean velocity are controllable, and variance
is stabilizable. Having modeled the object motion as a Markov Decision
Process (MDP) with non-deterministic movement allows them to produce
value function while avoiding obstacles. They use light gradient to
actuate a swarm of kilobot robots. 

Critiques: This is a very interesting yet important topic in the field
of emergent small-scale robotics. The authors listed the key citations
in the area, and clearly mention their contribution in addition to
their conference papers. The definition sequence, writing style, and
notation are well-developed although there are a few instances where
the variables are not introduced in appropriate spot. The relevance of
this work for T-RO is clear with the presented robotics concepts, such
as motion planning, feedback, controls, or automated manipulation. The
article title is appropriate. 
1.	One major concern is about the Lyapunov derivative in eq. (17)
which looks wrong. I found \dot{V}=2 \sigma \dot{\sigma}
(\sigma^2-\sigma_goal^2). This demands to revise your justification as
your result on variance stability conditions might be totally
different. Please clarify.
2.	The global control law is presented for holonomic robots, while
in small-scales often particles obey nonholonomic motion. Is your
approach still applicable? 
3.	In eq. (17) how can be sigmadot^2 be negative? Please clarify. 
4.	Eq. (20) is a little bit vague. A clearer statement is
required. Perhaps to say, eq. (20) is an extended version of eq. (11),
which allows to control variance as well.
5.	Page 3 section 3 on the lesson list number 2, you have to
define IID?
6.	Page 3 in section 3A, please follow paragraph style in the
middle of the text.
7.	In section 3C and D, the writing can be improved to make it
easier for general readership.
8.	Correct the repetition (control control) on the last line on
the left in page 5.
